Post- Contingency System
Date: 11 hours.
Platform: LinkedIn
Everything in your business operates on a "contingency system." Let's say you're doing cold email to get clients. Here's an example of the steps involved:
 
1) Buying the domains
2) Setting up the inboxes
3) Building the lead lists
4) Connecting the inboxes to a sending tool
5) Writing scripts
6) Setting up the campaigns
7) Managing the replies
8) Taking the sales calls
 
To do one step, you must have already done the previous step. This is what contingency means.
 
Every single thing you can possibly do in your business all works on a contingency system like this.
 
If you were running ads, that has its own system. Sales calls themselves have their own system. Fulfilling for clients has a similar system.
 
The reason a business stalls is because one of the steps stops.
 
That's it.
 
A step can be completed 1 of 4 ways:
 
1) You do it
2) Somebody else does it
3) Automation
4) AI (autonomous cognition)
 
You obviously want to automate as much as you can. But that's not always possible.
 
The entirety of your business operates on a system of systems. Here's what that means:
 
In order for you to make money:
 
1) You must fulfill for a client
2) But in order to fulfill for a client, you must have closed the client in your sales process
3) But in order to have closed a client in your sales process, you must have generated them as a lead in your marketing process
 
So Marketing, Sales, and Fulfillment are THEMSELVES a contingency system. And each one if comprised of their own individual contingency systems.
 
So, basically, your entire business could be mapped out as dozens of different boxes of shit that needs to be done every day. And the only task you ever need to do is one of those boxes.
 
Where people fail in their business is that they fail to get all the boxes done.
 
Yes, there might be 30-50 different things you need to be doing in your business. And a lot of times, you don't want to do 4-5 of those things because you don't like them. So you stop doing them. And, therefore, your business COMPLETELY halts, because the entire system is contingent upon those things being done.
 
This is why AI has become such an important development. Previously, to do anything that required cognition, you needed a human. But you now have access to a computer that can do human level thinking for a couple cents. This makes scaling way easier and less expensive.
 
This is a very important concept to grasp.
 
Watch my YouTube video to learn more: https://lnkd.in/dy5iZUc4

  ## Insights
- Cold email and outbound operate as structured systems, not isolated actions
- Each step in the process depends on the previous one being completed
- Business growth depends on executing every part of the system consistently
- Automation and AI can reduce operational bottlenecks
